Integrate state parameter (#89)
asgardeo/asgardeo-auth-react-sdk: README.md

2. authorizationCode?: `string` (optional)
   The `signIn` method can be passed the authorization code as an argument, which will be used to obtain the token during the token-request phase of the method. This allows developers to use different response modes such as `form_post`. To learn more about the `form_post` method refer to the [Using the `form_post` response mode](#Using-the-form_post-response-mode) section. If you're using the `query` method, then the `signIn` method automatically obtains the authorization code from the URL.
3. sessionState?: `string` (optional)
   The `signIn` method can be passed the session state as an argument, which will be used to obtain the token during the token-request phase of the method. This allows developers to use different response modes such as `form_post`. To learn more about the `form_post` method refer to the [Using the `form_post` response mode](#Using-the-form_post-response-mode) section. If you're using the `query` method, then the `signIn` method automatically obtains the session state from the URL.
4. authState?: `string` (optional)

>    The `signIn` method can be passed the authState as an argument, which will be used to obtain the token during the token-request phase of the method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The `signIn` method can be passed the state parameter as an argument, which will be used to obtain the token during the token-request phase of the method.
```
